week1/assignment.md, before:

# Week 1 — Prompting Techniques

You will practice multiple prompting techniques by crafting prompts to complete specific tasks. Each task’s instructions are at the top of its corresponding source file.

## Installation
Make sure you have first done the installation described in the top-level `README.md`. 

## Ollama installation
We will be using a tool to run different state-of-the-art LLMs locally on your machine called [Ollama](https://ollama.com/). Use one of the following methods:

- macOS (Homebrew):
  ```bash
  brew install --cask ollama 
  ollama serve
  ```

- Linux (recommended):
  ```bash
  curl -fsSL https://ollama.com/install.sh | sh
  ```

- Windows:
  Download and run the installer from [ollama.com/download](https://ollama.com/download).

Verify installation:
```bash
ollama -v
```

Before running the test scripts, make sure you have the following models pulled. You only need to do this once (unless you remove the models later):
```bash
ollama run mistral-nemo:12b
ollama run llama3.1:8b
```

## Techniques and source files
- K-shot prompting — `week1/k_shot_prompting.py`
- Chain-of-thought — `week1/chain_of_thought.py`
- Tool calling — `week1/tool_calling.py`
- Self-consistency prompting — `week1/self_consistency_prompting.py`
- RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) — `week1/rag.py`
- Reflexion — `week1/reflexion.py`

## Deliverables
- Read the task description in each file.
- Design and run prompts (look for all the places labeled `TODO` in the code). That should be the only thing you have to change (i.e. don't tinker with the model). 
- Iterate to improve results until the test script passes.
- Save your final prompt(s) and output for each technique.
- Make sure to include in your submission the completed code for each prompting technique file. ***Double check that all `TODO`s have been resolved.***

## Evaluation rubric (60 pts total)
- 10 for each completed prompt across the 6 different prompting techniques

Commit message:

Add W1D5 Ollama tutorial, Python LLM chat demo, and bilingual annotations / 添加 W1D5 Ollama 教程、Python LLM 对话示例及双语注释
[Chinese]
- 新增 W1D5 教程文档：详细介绍了 Ollama 的本地搭建流程、Python 模块与函数基础、以及 AI 对话的核心概念（如 JSON 数据交换、温度参数等）。
- 新增 intro_chat.py：提供了使用 Ollama SDK 进行 Python 自动化对话的简洁示例，包含环境加载、模型调用及输出解析。
- 资源补充：添加了 Week 0 的 Python 编程快速上手纲要 PDF，以及 Week 1 的配套课件 courseware.md。
- 脚本增强：对 week1 目录下的核心技术脚本（RAG, Reflexion, K-shot 等）进行了细致的代码注释与优化。

[English]
- Added W1D5 Tutorial: Detailed guide on Ollama local setup, Python basics (modules/functions), and core AI chat concepts (JSON, temperature).
- Added intro_chat.py: A clean example of Python-based LLM interaction using the Ollama SDK, covering environment loading, model calling, and response parsing.
- Supplementary Resources: Included a quick-start PDF summary for Week 0 and additional courseware markdown files for Week 1.
- Script Enhancements: Refined and added comprehensive annotations to core technical scripts (RAG, Reflexion, K-shot, etc.) in the week1 directory.

week1/assignment.md, after:

# Week 1 — Prompting Techniques

You will practice multiple prompting techniques by crafting prompts to complete specific tasks. Each task’s instructions are at the top of its corresponding source file.

## Installation
Make sure you have first done the installation described in the top-level `README.md`. 

## Ollama installation
We will be using a tool to run different state-of-the-art LLMs locally on your machine called [Ollama](https://ollama.com/). Use one of the following methods:

- macOS (Homebrew):
  ```bash
  brew install --cask ollama 
  ollama serve
  ```

- Linux (recommended):
  ```bash
  curl -fsSL https://ollama.com/install.sh | sh
  ```

- Windows:
  Download and run the installer from [ollama.com/download](https://ollama.com/download).

Verify installation:
```bash
ollama -v
```

Before running the test scripts, make sure you have the following models pulled. You only need to do this once (unless you remove the models later):
```bash
ollama pull ministral-3:3b
ollama pull gemini-3-flash-preview:cloud
```
And then you need to run the model
```bash
ollama run ministral-3:3b
ollama run gemini-3-flash-preview:cloud
```
if you don't have the model, it will pull it from the internet

The `ministral-3:3b` model runs locally, offering speed and stability, though it is less powerful than cloud-based alternatives. `gemini-3-flash-preview:cloud` is a cloud-hosted model released on December 17, 2025, making it the most recent and potentially most powerful model available via Ollama.

## Techniques and source files
- K-shot prompting — `week1/k_shot_prompting.py`
- Chain-of-thought — `week1/chain_of_thought.py`
- Tool calling — `week1/tool_calling.py`
- Self-consistency prompting — `week1/self_consistency_prompting.py`
- RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) — `week1/rag.py`
- Reflexion — `week1/reflexion.py`

## Deliverables
- Read the task description in each file.
- Design and run prompts (look for all the places labeled `TODO` in the code). That should be the only thing you have to change (i.e. don't tinker with the model). 
- Iterate to improve results until the test script passes.
- Save your final prompt(s) and output for each technique.
- Make sure to include in your submission the completed code for each prompting technique file. ***Double check that all `TODO`s have been resolved.***

## Evaluation rubric (60 pts total)
- 10 for each completed prompt across the 6 different prompting techniques
